hey my name is Brandon uh we hired Sam
to do an SEO project for a cannabis
software as a service company that I'm
the chief marketing officer for we
started off and did some some keyword
research they helped us identify a nice
set of keywords for the industry uh it's
a rather new industry uh so there's not
a lot of historical data that we could
lean on uh so they did a good job of
identifying some uh effective uh
keywords I think that had some good
buyer intent with them uh and we were
able to quickly launch a Content program
to help improve the rankings uh his team
made a number of onsite and off-site uh
SEO suggestions that they hope to
implement uh I think they're they're
pretty flexible in terms of uh budget
you know there's a lot of ways that you
can work with them uh and it felt like
so far they've been really communicative
uh responding to emails there's
definitely a clear process uh so we've
enjoyed working with them uh and when we
look at the results early on uh we see
that uh We've we've increased inbound
leads uh which is great and we've
definitely improved the rankings for the
Target keywords that Sam and his team
are working to help us um you know
improve our rankings for um and so you
know in I think about three months time
a little over three months we've been
able to achieve those results which
we're super happy with and uh are
excited to continue to work with with
Sam and his team in the future